1. What are your thoughts on "thick mapping in the digital humanities," and how does it differ from "mapping?"

Thick Mapping in digital humanities looks at a more culturally and socially profound perspectives on maps. It takes into account the people that exist(ed) in a certain place and time, and in doing so shows the significance of that location beyond just its geographical location. Each person who lives within a location on a thick map has a personal attatchment to it, and they all contribute to providing a more cultural depth perspective of that location. Natural disaster sites like Fukushima, for example, will have many different personal stories attatched to the event based on the person who lived there, or perhaps someone who came to help restore the community and in turn learned from the people there. This accumulation of stories helps to form the voices of the community overtime, which a viewer of the map could then spend time learning more about.

2. How does the theory of "thick mapping" inform narratives that are influencing your life?

One thing I am increasingly becoming aware of, and am trying to think of ways to go about this, is how the daily reliance on better and better technology by individuals and coorporations is inadvertently affecting the environment. Technology like the block chain, or just getting the new iphone creates massive hardware and electrical production, and with that comes the inevitable toll on our environment (usually through CO2) emmisions. Since I, or many of my friends, aren't severely affected by the damage on the environment, I think it's hard to truly feel the need to make a change. Thick mapping allows communities who are more prone to environmental shifts to share their story, and for us to share ours. I think reading about the daily lives and memories associated to the homes of people in communites where the environment has gotten worse, and how conditions have changed, will create a more personal and empathetic connection between us and others. It is no longer "this community is going through this", it is "this person I read about who has an entire life is going through this". Popularizing community driven technologies such as thich mapping is something that I would push so that more people could become aware and actively advocate for tackling our environmental crisis.